QA Home Assignment (Crypto Concepts & Bonus Task)

Crypto Concepts:

Blockchain: A decentralized Method to store encrypted records across a network of computers.
The information is stored in a block, once a block is full it is linked to the previous block (creating a continuous chain of blocks). Once a block of information is recorded it cannot be altered.
When you buy or transfer crypto, that transaction is verified, added to a block, and added to the blockchain, making it secure and visible to everyone on the network.

Smart Contracts: A smart contract is a self-executing program on the blockchain that automatically performs an action when certain conditions are met.
There is no interference from a middleman, like banks or notaries. This automated process can ensure transparency and security, as the contract terms are visible on the blockchain and cannot be modified once deployed.

Gas Tokens: These are small fees. They are charges that users need to pay for operations on the blockchain network, such as transactions or smart contracts.
These fees compensate the Network's operators, such as minors or validators, for their work.

ERC-20 Token: ERC-20 token is essentially a protocol or set of guidelines for creating tokens on the Ethereum blockchain.
It defines a standard list of rules that all Ethereum-based tokens must follow, making them compatible with each other and with Ethereum-based platforms and wallets.

Wallet: A wallet is a digital application that lets you securely store and receive digital assets, such as cryptocurrencies and tokens.
Each wallet has a public address, it's a unique identifier primarily used to receive funds, and a private key that is similar to a password (access to the wallet).
ChainPort Bridge:  Inside the blockchain network there are digital assets that are unique to each Network, the ChainPort acts as a bridge allowing these assets to be moved from one blockchain to another resulting in better flexibility and usability across the networks.


Manual Task BONUS Answer:
The threshold range will be set between 100 - 300 tokens.
Regarding the Ethereum & Optimism networks (ChainPortX & CCTP), make sure that when there's a transaction for example of 50 tokens (beneath the threshold) the CCTP protocol is used.
Verify that for a transaction that is within the threshold, for example, 200 tokens the ChainPortX protocol is used.
Also, make sure that for a transaction that is above the threshold for example 400 tokens the CCTP protocol is used.
Finally, for the Avalanche chain for each transaction, we only use the CCTP Protocol even if it's beneath above or within the protocol
(50 tokens transaction will use the CCTP protocol, 150 tokens transaction will use the CCTP protocol and 600 token transfer will also use the CCTP protocol)
